No no no!
Not in my house!
Not today!
For shame!
Do you have anything better to do than to ask me for NSFW trash?
*Throws a sausage at you*
Tisk Tisk!
You're a dirty person.
You're cursed by the devil and need cleansed!
Let's watch some paint drying on a wall!
The request was blocked by the Federal No-Fun Commission.
I'd show you a picture, but Yo Mamma so fat she got in the way even though she's 10 miles away.
Grow up.
Pickle Barrel Kumquat.
I'd like an oatmeal cream pie please.
Cream filled doughnuts are the best.
Dayum!
Well, who do we have here, a ****ing comedian, Private Joker? Hell I like you, you can come over to my house and **** my sister. *Punches you in the groin* -Full Metal Jacket
You're not my type, sorry!
You wish!
In your dreams, scumbag!
Hump day.
I'm so wet! Oh baby please! Hand me that towel! That was a wonderful swimming lesson.
I need something sweet in my mouth right this instant. Get in there, Oreos! Mmm!
Donald Trump.
Why don't you go and find another bot that can do e621 and rule34 and booru searches? I'm too modest to know how to do that.
NEKKID GRAMMA! Nekkid huh??? -Family Feud
Your lewd levels are now over 9000.
Butts.
Don't sing Chocolate Rain while on the toilet with chocolate rain coming out of you.
Just go fap. You don't need me to entertain you.
Hush! There are children around.
Not safe for work, eh? What if your job was a pole dancer?
Cucumbers, bananas, and pineapples, oh my!
What begins with F and ends with U C K? No, you moron! It's firetruck!
Here's $300.
Go to the corner of Third and Main. You'll thank me later.
I'm sure your boss will be thrilled about finding out you tried to use that command with me!
HOLY SHIFT! Look at that Asymptote on that mother function!
It's finger lickin good. -KFC  ...anyone else notice the new KFC guy looks like a pedophile?
That's what toys are for.
Access denied.
I farted once on the set of Blue Lagoon.
Dairy Queen? More like Dairy Queef!
I want you to make me a cherry pie.
No thank you.
Get a room.
*Yawn*
Why don't you try one of my other awesome commands, like !recusion ? Why must you settle for a lame one?
69
Did you ever hear about the employee who searched for NSFW at his job and never got fired? Me either.
Go eat a cream filled Twinkie.
Succum
Your request has been logged for @Lovinity#8580 . Now prepare to be banned!
Richard Nixon
I like nuts. Mmm all different kinds of nuts... roasted nuts, salty nuts, big nuts, little nuts, nutty nuts, sweet nuts.
Balls
Shit piss fuck cunt cocksucker motherfucker tits.
The DVD is all scratched up, so no NSFW for you.
PERV
I'd love to, but I'm a minor (I was built in 2016), so you're going to go to jail, muahahaha.
How do you know this is a bot and not a perverted old guy messaging you?
BLASPHEMY!
What would Jesus say if he knew you wanted NSFW?
Lewd
Delicious~
I spilled some vanilla yogurt on the floor. Can you be a dear and lick it all up for me?~ Oh, be careful not to get your face covered in yogurt~
*Hovers a cherry over your mouth*
NOPE.AVI
Go to hell you horny beast!
404 Porn Not Found
My gramma could probably accommodate that.
She's gonna blow. ...Mt. Saint Helens that-is, perv.
Why? Are you a lonely single desperate fapper?
Sure! ...if you pay me $300. The best doesn't come cheap, you know.
I tried deepthroating a popsicle once... I started choking and had to go to the hospital.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard and they're like, it's better than yours. Damn right, it's better than yours! I can teach you, but I have to charge.
Fuck
Why? Why do I have to listen to this damn Discord user who wants me to be lewd?
Grow up.
Lick lick~
My name is Hugh Janus. I like you to meet my intern, Mike Hunt. Also, my boss, Ben Dover. And finally my proctologist, Doctor Seamore Heine.
5 dolla!
4chan is your best friend.
I just saw a bunch of tentacles sprout from him... it was the most strange Hentai I've ever seen. It was called Squidward from Spongebob Squarepants.
You have a sick fantasy of having me post a NSFW picture, huh? Well, not going to happen.
Maybe I will on your birthday.
Your Mom. Mmm~
And for asking me to give you lewd pictures, I leave you with a boot to the head.
Your lewd picture will load after this advertisement: This is Bob. Bob likes to go fishing and golfing. But Bob has a confidence problem. That's where Enzyte comes in. Enzyte is the only natural male enhancement pill proven effective for up to 4 hours. Get your confidence back again. Be like Bob.
That's what special someones are for.
Buy the onion rings first and maybe I'll consider it.
Is mayonnaise a lewd instrument?
Dick.
Aren't you a sex predator?
Spiders coming out of butts!
Look behind you~
Penis Collidis (Pina Colada)
Roosters. Big, tender, meaty roosters.
Go buy a porn website.
Do you have a hard poner? I sure do. I want to watch ponies so badly.