The divine power within knows exactly who you are!
With a pure heart, you are balanced in life.
You are not afraid to admit when you are wrong.
The truth springs forth from your mind.
Today, you use your power to stop what is no longer good for you.
The only way to freedom is through truth.
You are accepted as you are.
You are free, hallelujah!
You are as great as you think you are.
When you know yourself, you stop doing what is not good for you.
Your feelings are valid no matter what they are.
Today, you are a child again.
You do not have to hide who you are.
Acknowledge, accept, and embrace everything about you.
Take a stand for you.
You are sitting in a sacred place.
You are one with the spirit within.
What other people think about you is not your concern.
Look within for the answers you need.
You are okay!
There is no spot where God is not.
Today, plan to choose and ask with an open mind.
The spirit of your head and mind is blessed.
Believe in the best about you.
You grow by thoughts, words, and deeds.
You are in control of your mind and your mouth.
You can do it.
You have the right to unlimited goodness in your life.
You are taking the time to develop your own mind.
You create a positive pattern of self worth because you are the best.
Reap a good harvest from the soil of your mind.
When you are in tune with your body, you relax and release the stress.
You have something valuable to give the world.
Look within your ocean of self to find the treasures of life.
You have everything you need to succeed.
The end is not here.
Nothing has power over you.
Invest your time in something that matters.
Recognize and address anger when you experience it.
You are still okay when you are angry.
You don't have to worry.
Fear has no power over you.
You have all the time in the universe.
Your heart is as light as a feather.
Study war no more; be a peaceful warrior.
You can rightfully establish peace.
The sun of life shines on you.
You choose your future by what you do now.
Life needs plans, not promises.
Be mission-minded and focused on a goal.
Only you know what you want; you can see through to it.
Open yourself up to learning.
Speak truthfully from the heart.
You will not fall for the same old tricks again.
Your tongue is a sword of power. Use it wisely.
You don't always have to have something to say.
Speak with a conscious tongue.
Take full responsibility for yourself.
Pain is an indication that change needs to happen.
With every step you take, you create a new you.
You learn a little more every day.
Allow divinity to guide you at all times so you know exactly what to do.
You educate the world about you.
You are who you are.
Take time for yourself to do for yourself the same things you do for others.
Stand on a solid foundation.
Today, do it differently.
Don't sit in the same place all the time.
The guiding love of the spirit within conquers all without.
You first.
If you want to know who God is, look at yourself.
Live in the light of truth.
Be open and willing to change.
You are one with God.
Surrender to your truth and live in its being.
Be open to the help you receive.
Crying is cleansing. It's okay to cry.
Give your all right now.
Blessed be your mother.
When you need help, ask for it!
Go for it.
Do something new.
Plant positive seeds in the fertile soil of your mind.
You got it.
You cannot fix what you do not face.
If you continue to blame them for where you've been, you can only blame yourself for where you go.
Today, see all women through forgiving eyes.
There is a place for forgiveness within you.
From your darkness comes the light.
The storehouse of abundance is already yours.
What would the ancestors do?
God's strength, wisdom, power, and love are being expressed as you.
Today, nurture your wounds with love's light.
Take a long, hard look at yourself.
Move in the power of a mighty past.
Be in touch with the feelings about who you are.
You matter.
Victory is what you are made of.
Take a day to be free from all decisions.
Step by step, you are getting better and better.
The better you are at life, the better life gets.
When you play by the rules, you win.
The world as you see it is a reflection of your thoughts.
The one who asks questions doesn't lose their way.
You are the only one who can limit you.
The world you want begins with you.
You are the source of your own governance.
Build more than a nest egg.
Say less, and do more.
New patterns of living are open to you.
You cannot win anything until you are willing to lose everything.
When you surrender control to the universe, it will perfect that which concerns you.
Anything you hang on to will get in your way.
When you're down and out, lift your head and shout, "I'm outta here!"
Today, feel one emotion at a time.
There is no Earthly reason to delay your good.
Be willing to do what is important by any means honourable and necessary.
Put your faith only in those things that produce good for you.
As you trust, your needs are met.
You must eat the elephant one bite at a time.
You are the source of joy.
Wait patiently on your good.
Let go and let spirit guide you in every way.
Pride you express to others is ego; pride you express to yourself is real pride.
You are not special; you are a regular person who does special things.
Your success is worth the effort of a positive mind and a genuine smile.
You are all the life is.
Today is a great day filled with great people and great events.
Every label you place on yourself is a boundary you don't let yourself cross.
All roads lead to the end result.
Honour your relations.
Know who you are in the sea of life.
You can do it because you believe you can.
Your world promotes your growth and true identity.
Never quit!
You are creating a better world.
Open yourself up to another part of the world today.
Move peacefully from darkness into the light of change.
You have a right to know.
Fuel your inner world with positive possibilities.
True power comes from cooperation and silence within.
You are in charge of your words and deeds.
Listen to what is said, not what is heard.
Make your own luck.
Divine order prevails in your mind and your life, right here, right now.
Out of the darkness, there will come a light.
You are very valuable to yourself.
Be willing to make a change.
Be focused on the goal, even in the midst of battle.
The harvest you reap is measured by the attitudes you cultivate.
Do whatever it takes.
You are on the path to knowledge.
Your willingness to grow is your demand for power.
Plan to be all that you are.
You are a valuable tool in someone's healing process.
Through the healing power of the spirit within, bless others today.
Do not follow the path. Go where there is no path to begin the trail.
What is yours is yours alone.
As your sense of power increases, your fear of life decreases.
Surrender to the power of the divine within you.
In all situations, under all circumstances, stay in the light.
Don't attack a problem; go through the solution process.
Love yourself for being a lovable being.
Honor, support, and respect the feminine power.
Respect women.
We ask for advice when we know the answer, but wish we didn't know.
You don't need to be right all the time.
No one has to tell you what an important lesson you are learning.
If you are not free, ask yourself why.
Honor and respect the power in difference.
Seek a relationship with love.
The wealth of your spirit is the light of your world.
Love you.
Forgive and you will be forgiven.
If you're willing to face the past, you will make the present rich.
You cannot belong to anyone else until you belong to yourself.
Move up, out, and beyond.
Forgive your parents and release their patterns.
A significant other is a mind thing. Whatever is in your mind is what you will find in another person.
Your divine mate will be revealed at the divine time in the divine way.
Today is a new day. You will refuse to get off on a bad start.
Your home is your salvation.
Weave the fibers of a new world.
Everyone comes and goes in our lives for a reason.
When a prayer is answered, there is no need to cry.
There is a season for everything.
A new life begins when another part of life ends.
Do your part for the people in your life.
You can do anything you choose to do.
No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow.
Tell only what you want everyone to know.
Every experience is an opportunity to grow.
Speak truly and do righteously.
Be willing to give everyone a fresh start.
Do only the things that feel right for you.
Your intent is evident in your results.
Sexual intercourse is a creative expression.
Time over intimacy.
You are free to be a sexual being.
Let them wait... and wait, they do.
Remember the good that has been done.
When in a bad situation, love yourself out of it.
Think positively and speak positively.
Love comes to all ages.
Pour love into everyone and everything.
Look at yourself before you look for love.
Look in the mirror of self to make adjustments for yourself.
Love and support others exactly as they are.
Look for more than just a mate; look for a friend.
Who you want is important enough to wait for.
Would you marry you?
Settle all your scores in the universal court of justice.
Whatever or whoever leaves your life makes room for something or someone better.
You are not a failure for ending a relationship.
When you accept yourself, no one can reject you.
There is nothing wrong with you.
Surrender to your freedom.
Know when to let go.
Treat your friends as well as you treat yourself.
When you see your friends, you see yourself.
You are one with humankind.
Bring 100% of yourself to the table of love.
Exercise your duty to be happy.
Be better in the beginning to avoid anything worse at the end.
Anything dead coming back hurts.
Love is in the midst of you.
If you love, honour, and respect yourself, others must do the same.
You can choose how you want to love others.
You are alright.
Close the door on the past. That way, a door to the future opens.
You don't need to try and fix others; just focus on yourself.
Your heart is unbreakable.
You know when to quit.
There is no reason you have to settle for less.
Blessings come in different colors. You get the ones you deserve.
Honour your feelings and let your significant other know what they are.
In loving others, you will not lose yourself.
The only enemies you have are the ones you attack.
When others want to be alone, let them be with themselves.
Do the best you can right now.
If you need support, ask for it.
Today, talk about what you feel.
The Omnipresent is your source and supply.
Respect yourself and the working process.
New friends are silver. Old friends are gold.
Surround yourself with people and things that are good for you.
When you help others, you help you.
Your relationships are a true reflection of you.
When you see your children, you see yourself.
It doesn't have to glitter to be gold.
Today, do more than listen: hear.
Ideas are children of the mind.
You are love.
Respect the heart, mind, and soul of others.
Every encounter is an experience of growth.
Do not be afraid, I am with you.
Take the time to grieve and prepare for the change.